Service representation GA: docs changes (#26018)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_explorer/span_tags_attributes.md

## Overview

Span metadata is composed of **attributes** and **tags**.

* **[Span attributes](#span-attributes)** are the content of the span, collected via auto or manual instrumentation in the application

* **[Span tags](#span-tags)** are enrichments of context related to the span, for instance host or container tags describing the infrastructure the service is running on. 

You can query spans by any span tag and attribute from the [trace explorer][6].

### Reserved attributes

> Reserved attributes are a subset of span attributes that are present on every span. These attributes are queriable without prepending the `@` character. The full list of reserved attributes is: `env`, `service`, `operation_name`, `resource_name`, `status`, `ingestion_reason`, `trace_id`. Refer to the [APM terms and concepts][10] for a full definition of these terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reserved attributes are a subset of span attributes that are present on every span. These attributes are queryable without prepending the `@` character. The full list of reserved attributes is: `env`, `service`, `operation_name`, `resource_name`, `status`, `ingestion_reason`, `trace_id`. Refer to the [APM terms and concepts][10] for a full definition of these terms.
```

### Span attributes

> Span attributes are the content of your span. These are collected out-of-the-box in tracing libraries via auto-instrumentation, manually via custom instrumentation, or remapped in Datadog backend based on source attributes (c.f. [peer attributes][11], remapped from some source attributes). To search on a specific span attribute you must prepend an `@` character at the beginning of the attribute key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Span attributes are the content of your span. These are collected out-of-the-box in tracing libraries using automatic instrumentation, manually using custom instrumentation, or remapped in the Datadog backend based on source attributes (see [peer attributes][11], remapped from some source attributes). To search on a specific span attribute, you must prepend an `@` character at the beginning of the attribute key.
```

For instance, to find spans representing calls to a `users` table from a postgres database, use the following query: `@peer.db.name:users @peer.db.system:postgres`.

### Span tags

Span tags are context around your span, enriched based on the host or the container the service the span is emitted from is running on. You don't need to prepend an `@` character to query for span tags.

## Facets

> You can create **facets** on top of span tags and attributes to map an attribute to the right type (e.g. string or int) and for these attributes to show up in the facet list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create **facets** on top of span tags and attributes to map an attribute to the right type (for example, string or int) and for these attributes to show up in the facet list.
```
